Added corrections to android getting started guide (#669)
MapsPeople/docs: src/android/v3/getting-started/map.md

### Initialize MapsIndoors

> We start by initializing `MapsIndoors`. `MapsIndoors` is used to get all and store all references to MapsIndoors specific data. This includes access to all MapsIndoors specific Geodata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We start by initializing `MapsIndoors`. `MapsIndoors` is used to get all and store all references to MapsIndoors-specific data. This includes access to all MapsIndoors-specific geodata.
```

> We start by initializing `MapsIndoors`. `MapsIndoors` is used to get all and store all references to MapsIndoors-specific data. This includes access to all MapsIndoors-specific geodata.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We start by initializing `MapsIndoors`. `MapsIndoors` is used to get and store all references to MapsIndoors-specific data. This includes access to all MapsIndoors-specific geodata.
```

> Place the following initialization code in the `onCreate` method in the `MapsActivity` that displays the Google map. You should also assign the `mapFragment` view to a local variable as we will use this later to initialize `MapControl` inside the onCreate after it has been created:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the following initialization code in the `onCreate` method in the `MapsActivity` that displays the Google map. You should also assign the `mapFragment` view to a local variable, as we will use this later to initialize `MapControl` inside the onCreate, after it has been created:
```

> Place the following initialization code in the `onCreate` method in the `MapsActivity` that displays the Google map. You should also assign the `mapFragment` view to a local variable, as we will use this later to initialize `MapControl` inside the onCreate, after it has been created:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place the following initialization code in the `onCreate` method in the `MapsActivity` that displays the Google map. You should also assign the `mapFragment` view to a local variable, as we will use this later to initialize `MapControl` inside the `onCreate`, after it has been created:
```

If you are not a customer you can use this demo MapsIndoors API key `d876ff0e60bb430b8fabb145`.

### Initialize MapsControl

> We now want to add all the data we get by initializing `MapsIndoors` to our Google Map. This is done by Initialzing MapControl onto the Google Map. MapControl is used as a layer between Google Maps and MapsIndoors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We now want to add all the data we get by initializing `MapsIndoors` to our Google map. This is done by initializing `MapControl` onto the Google map. `MapControl` is used as a layer between Google Maps and MapsIndoors.
```

> Here we use Google Map logic to apply Geodata onto the map. This also means we append logic onto a lot of the Google Maps listeners, which means that using google maps listeners directly might break intended behaviour of the MapsIndoors experience. We recommend to check our reference docs, and see if you can add a specific Listener through the MapControl and always use thoose when possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we use Google Maps logic to apply geodata onto the map. This also means we append logic onto many Google Maps listeners, which means that using Google Maps listeners directly might break intended behavior of the MapsIndoors experience. We recommend to check our reference docs, and see if you can add a specific `Listener` through the `MapControl` and always use those when possible.
```

> Start by creating a `initMapControl` method we will use to initiate the MapControl and assign it to our Google Map:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by creating an `initMapControl` method which is used to initiate the `MapControl` and assign it to our Google map:
```

</mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> In your `onMapReady` callback function, assign the `mMap` variable with the GoogleMap you get from the callback and call the initMapControl method with the `mMapView` you assigned in the `onCreate` to set up a Google map with MapsIndoors Venues, Buildings and Locations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `onMapReady` callback function, assign the `mMap` variable with the `GoogleMap` you get from the callback and call the `initMapControl` method with the `mMapView` you assigned in the `onCreate` to set up a Google map with MapsIndoors Venues, Buildings and Locations:
```
